zyne hundred meters the trip here for
the running of race number two it's a
group two level for the purebred
Arabians iraq is just a little relate to
go in khaki way Dave Azul comes along so
we were on collide to go up so reached
account for and also uptown Danny's boy
and we're almost set just gonna ask the
notes forward Danny's boy is in ready
they're racing in the barn es and decade
ago I quickly was a Mademoiselle and
also speed from uptown Danny's boy and
over on the inside torch is going to be
able to hold the advantage of the in
cycle I've goes up for wide and khaki a
Davis all is out wider on the track
written along is Barack they were
followed by burning breeze getting back
was Babel Dallas and back near the town
is so rich so they're on their way down
the back towards the final or 1000
meters they go and the front-runner is
torched doing it quite well in the early
stages alive in the second twenty six 78
for the first 400 meters third the
inside Uptown Danny's boy in between
horses is Mademoiselle just losing a
little bit of contact there around the
outside can Qaid Ava's all begins to
pick up ground so suitors rich around
the outside quickly from boarding breeze
then came the rank it's back with the
tear lenders and last of all these Babel
dealers top of the stroke they come now
50 metres to go and torch well in hand
here for tygo che in second calc you a
de Brasil begins to run on it they will
follow bike a live beginning to give it
away around the outside is so rich the
inside then is uptown Danny's boy they
were followed by burning breeze 350
meters to go and torches the front
runner it's got a break of four or five
on calculators all down the outside Finn
is so rich followed by burning breeze
but is torched nicely clear inside the
final 150 thank you a day Brazil's web
the elder bridge the gap torches well
clear kept going by Tiger che and torch
is going to win the Bonnie a see in
there very easy fashion torch wins by
five second calculate a Brazil's
followed by burning breeze close up so
rich they were followed them by Barack
who actually run on reasonably late from
Babel galas I get off to Mademoiselle
who was never really in the hunt Goliath
dropped out from the top of the straight
and the back of the town or proceedings
uptown Danny's boy big win by a torch
and it was going to win a long way from
a home the only danger at the top of the
strike was the former French gallop the
calculate a Brazil it's a torch game at
the slip and around about the 300 meters
Mike tire show began began to give it a
few reminders and a torch has come away
for a very very easy win of the other
feature race of the night the group 3
foregrip sue for the EPO Brett Arabians
the Barna yes sponsored by Friday
Mademoiselle it was the International
were favorite was there initially that
it was urine ground a long way from home
at the end RB torch or Tigers